Add an option to opt-out using header-attrs HTML dependency in `html_document_base()` (#2227)
rstudio/rmarkdown: NEWS.md

rmarkdown 2.12
================================================================================

> - Added an option `rmarkdown.html_dependency.header_attr`, `TRUE` by default. It can be set to `FALSE` to opt-out using `html_dependency_header_attrs()` HTML dependency in document based on `html_document_base()` which is used by default when Pandoc 2.9 and above is used (thanks, @salim-b, rstudio/bookdown#865, @maelle, r-lib/downlit#1538).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a global option `rmarkdown.html_dependency.header_attr` (`TRUE` by default). It can be set to `FALSE` to opt-out the HTML dependency `html_dependency_header_attrs()` in documents based on `html_document_base()` (thanks, @salim-b rstudio/bookdown#865, @maelle r-lib/downlit#1538).
```
